Rosella really excites me because it's a
mission of a whole bunch of firsts it's
the first time that we are living with a
comet it's the first time we're going to
be landing on a comet comet CG as we
call it is a good fit because miss comet
was in the right plane was coming in at
the right angle to the Sun comet
churyumov-gerasimenko is named after the
two astronomers who discovered it the
comet changes dramatically between being
far away from the Sun and getting in
close to the Sun and watching those
changes take place over time we're going
to be very exciting
on board the spacecraft are a whole host
of instruments some of them require that
you very close to the comet whereas
other ones especially the cameras prefer
that you're far away
this is going to be the first time ever
we see a comment from the inside
rosetta is going to provide us with an
unprecedented characterization of a
comet that provides us a window to the
early phases of the solar system I like
to think of it is we're essentially
doing archeology of our own solar system
it may tell us where the origin of the
water that we have on earth came from
also comet of organics and some of the
organics made may have been at the
origin of life on Earth and perhaps
elsewhere we wouldn't be going there if
we already knew what was there one of
the reasons we do this is we hope for
surprises scientifically that's why we
do this that's why we do Rosetta is
difficult it's gonna give us so much
information so much science so we're
very excited data has started to come
down from Rosetta and this is the start
of our drink
you